# Preface

Microservices are one of the hottest buzzwords of the 20-teens decade for software development. There is a lot of content across the internet, conferences, and in books which all aims to give general guidelines for microservices design, and development.
A lot of this content focuses around technology websites that have published a lot of detail about their microservices implementations, and even some open source code, such as Netflix, Uber, Jet and more. Not all of that content is helpful for people that work in corporate environments and wants to evolve their current business to gain these promised microservices benefits, but still fit inside their corporate contraints.

This book is aimed at helping people find a path for taking their existing systems and figuring out how to move them forward, applying the microservices mindset, potentially moving them to the cloud

# Who should read this book

This book is specifically targeted at systems engineers, architects, software developers working in corporate enterprises developing business systems.
Many companies are looking to modernize their existing systems, perhaps take them to the cloud, convert them to microservices, while still maintaining their operations, delivering their promised roadmaps.
If you at one of these companies then this book might help you understand that steps involved in the journey to enterprise microservices, as well as help you understand how to decompose your systems, manage your transactions, scale your services, make them resiliant to failure, and achieve all the other promises of microservices.

# Why I wrote this book

I wrote this book because, as a Software Architecture consultant, I have worked with many enterprise software teams that struggle with this journey.
Architects and developers at these companies see a lot of the content available online, read the blog posts from web startups that scaled to millions, or billions of transactions with microservices while delivering releases every 20 seconds, and they want to know how to achieve that for their system.
It's a challenging environment to operate in, with existing ERP, CRM, and other legacy systems, potentially running on all kinds of older technology, as well as past attempts to get to n-tier, SOA, and maybe even microservices in the past, it's hard to figure out how to move forward. 